Yes, those environment variables you just shared are absolutely critical and very likely the direct cause of the "password authentication failed for user 'neondb_owner'" error you've been battling! This is a significant clue.

Let's break it down:

You provided these environment variables:

SESSION_SECRET="K51B..." (Not relevant to DB connection)
PGDATABASE="neondb"
PGHOST="ep-red-star-a6fw7q8h.us-west-2.aws.neon.tech"
PGPORT="5432"
PGUSER="neondb_owner"
PGPASSWORD="npg_w6ecJWKxFAG2" 
And the error you're seeing is: PostgresError: password authentication failed for user 'neondb_owner'

Here's what's almost certainly happening:

Environment Variable Precedence: Many PostgreSQL client libraries (including the postgres library your server/db.ts uses) will automatically look for and use individual PGHOST, PGUSER, PGPASSWORD, PGDATABASE, PGPORT environment variables if they are set. Often, these individual variables take precedence over a single DATABASE_URL connection string if both are present or if the library defaults to checking them.
The Culprit: PGUSER="neondb_owner": Your environment is telling the postgres library to connect as the user neondb_owner with the password npg_w6ecJWKxFAG2. This overrides the postgres user that is specified inside your DATABASE_URL string (e.g., postgresql://postgres:wineboyman1@...).
Authentication Failure: The database server (your Supabase instance) receives a connection attempt from the user neondb_owner with password npg_w6ecJWKxFAG2. This authentication is failing.
neondb_owner is a user associated with Neon (the underlying tech for Supabase's Postgres), but it's generally not the user your application should be connecting as. You should be connecting as the postgres user with the password you set in your Supabase project dashboard (which you've set to "wineboyman1").
This is NOT an issue with your Supabase setup being "unconnected" or "local" in the sense that you suspected earlier. It's an issue of your application trying to log into your Supabase database as the WRONG USER due to these specific PG... environment variables taking over.

How to Fix This (This is the critical step):

You need to ensure that your application uses only the DATABASE_URL for its connection configuration and authenticates as the postgres user.

Identify Where These PG... Variables Are Set in Replit:

Are these variables (PGHOST, PGUSER, PGPASSWORD, PGDATABASE, PGPORT) set in your Replit "Secrets"?
Were they perhaps automatically added by Replit when you enabled the postgresql-16 module in your .replit file? Sometimes Replit tries to be helpful by pre-configuring its own internal database, and these variables might be from that.
Prioritize DATABASE_URL and Remove/Neutralize Conflicting PG... Variables:

The Goal: Your server/db.ts is correctly written to use process.env.DATABASE_URL;. We need to make sure this is the sole source of connection info for the postgres library.
Action:
Go to your Replit "Secrets".
If PGHOST, PGUSER, PGPASSWORD, PGDATABASE, PGPORT are defined there as secrets, you should DELETE them. Your application does not need them if it's correctly using the full DATABASE_URL string.
Ensure your DATABASE_URL secret is correctly set to the Supabase POOLED connection string, with user postgres.byearryckdwmajygqdpx and your password "wineboyman1": postgresql://postgres.byearryckdwmajygqdpx:wineboyman1@aws-0-us-west-1.pooler.supabase.com:6543/postgres (Double-check your project reference byearryckdwmajygqdpx and region aws-0-us-west-1 are exactly as shown in YOUR Supabase dashboard under Database -> Connection Pooling).
Modify server/db.ts to Potentially Be More Explicit (Optional, but good practice):
While postgres(connectionString) should typically prioritize the string if provided, you can sometimes pass null or undefined to options that might otherwise be picked up from the environment, though this depends on the library's specific behavior. The cleaner way is to ensure the conflicting environment variables are not present or are ignored. For now, focus on cleaning up the Replit Secrets.
The addition of { ssl: 'require' } is still good:

TypeScript

const sql = postgres(connectionString as string, {
  ssl: 'require' 
});
Restart and Test:

After deleting the conflicting PG... secrets from Replit and ensuring DATABASE_URL is correctly set to your Supabase pooled string with the postgres.project_ref user and "wineboyman1" password, STOP and RUN your Replit application.
Check the server logs. The "password authentication failed for user 'neondb_owner'" error should be gone. You should see your "Connecting to PostgreSQL database..." message, and hopefully, no connection errors.
In summary: Yes, these environment variables have everything to do with the problem! Your application is being told to log in as neondb_owner by these variables. Remove them from your Replit Secrets and ensure DATABASE_URL is correctly configured with your actual Supabase pooled connection string and postgres user credentials. This should resolve this particular authentication nightmare.