
Make email mandatory and not optional
Send them reports and future updates on the business (helps them get an identifier)
High-level= like the gradient design ~ sleek, modern AI aesthetic. Is what they like. 
Liked the first page (the waiting)
On the progress bar
They break up casing into: intro, deep dive, and ending for each wine
Want it to be more distinct to add more structure
1 main intro slide and then specific wines would have name of wine and then audio recording priming you for wine and given you ~
Q2 → UI wants everything on one screen so you don’t need to scroll (most things will be 4 qs so we’re chillin)
Given that some terms are unfamiliar, they want to have more prominent tool tips (help, pop-ups) 
One Q that chief somm comes up is “does this taste like stone fruit” and then no one really knows what that means. They have 10-12 terms they can define for people 
“Hey remember what som nick said” when on the aroma question
Make additional notes a drop-down to make it simpler/less busy
Make som feedback very easy to turn around so it can be more deterministic/easier to get feedback to som 
Q3 
They need more context to be shown → more explanation (liek what does 10 mean here for q3?)
You want to click on the dash and not the slider.. Interesting! Make them both clickable
Take enough space vertically → make it centered
A diagram of how to smell
CONTEXT= they wanted to identify wine tasters?
Immediate feedback and get some sort of quick synthesis?
“Based on data, this is what you think you might like ~ somm will give you list of bottles”
“You tend to like stone fruit.. Blah”
Somms has answers for all questions that he would ask taster to go through “maybe things more right or wrong” what flavors should you be tasting vs qualitative 
Allow somm to choose how many wines to show in a package
People have responded super positively to the responses → based on that here are a couple of bottles
Quick response (review) then a more comprehensive somm send
Diagnostic type package (different types of wines to gauge what people are and where they are and what they might like).
Lets say you most enjoyed the X of the original package then we will have package based on that answer
If someone 
