2service-worker.js:102 Uncaught (in promise) TypeError: Failed to execute 'put' on 'Cache': Request scheme 'chrome-extension' is unsupported

at service-worker.js:102:21Understand this error

index-vZgIvrGj.js:1 Failed to load module script: Expected a JavaScript module script but the server responded with a MIME type of "text/html". Strict MIME type checking is enforced for module scripts per HTML spec.Understand this error

chext_driver.js:495 Initialized driver at: Sat May 31 2025 18:33:36 GMT-0400 (Eastern Daylight Time)

knowyourgrape.replit.app/:1 Error while trying to use the following icon from the Manifest: https://knowyourgrape.replit.app/icons/icon-192x192.png (Download error or resource isn't a valid image)Understand this error

chext_loader.js:69 Init

I saw this in my constrol shift i (dev toosls/console) and it wasnt opening the app really at all, and i wanted to know your thoughts and if this is an actual issue based on our apps code? please look into that pretty pelase-- does this have to do with teh deployed variables too? what do you think? please ivnestigate





it wont open the page and have it wokr. so i asked the replit ai assistant what it thought and it gave me this-- please evaluate it



imma give it to u just as a reference point:



Looking at these console errors, there are several issues that need to be addressed:

Issues Analysis

Service Worker Cache Error: The service worker is trying to cache a chrome extension URL, which is invalid

Module Loading Error: JavaScript modules are being served with wrong MIME type

Icon Loading Error: The PWA icon isn't loading properly

Deployment vs Development: These errors suggest issues with how the app is served in production

Root Causes

The main issue is that your service worker is too aggressive and trying to cache everything, including browser extension requests. Also, there might be MIME type issues in production deployment.

Let me fix the service worker:



client/public/service-worker.js

+32

-4

Fix service worker to handle only valid requests and prevent extension caching

Now let's check if your icon files actually exist and are valid. The error suggests the icon might be missing:



ls -la client/public/icons/



Run

Also, let's verify your manifest.json is properly structured. Based on the error, there might be an issue with how the deployment serves static files.

About the Deployment Variables

The errors are likely related to deployment configuration, not your environment variables. The issues are:

MIME Types: Your deployment might not be serving .js files with the correct application/javascript MIME type

Static Asset Serving: Icons and other assets might not be properly served in production

The deployment configuration in your .replit file looks correct:



Copy

build = ["npm", "run", "build"]

run = ["npm", "run", "start"]

But you might need to ensure your production server (the npm run start command) properly serves static files with correct MIME types.

Quick Test

Try clearing your browser cache completely and force refresh (Ctrl+Shift+R) after the service worker fix. The chrome extension errors should disappear, and the module loading should work better.

If the icon error persists, we may need to check if the icon files are actually being built into your deployment properly.